Slide 13:
Now that we have all pertinent equations, we move onto the comparison of these drag models through simulation. 
Given the numerical issues discussed, 
We’ve chosen to focus on Geosynchronous Transfer Orbits GTOs
These initial conditions are for a typical mission profile of Ariane 5, an upper stage rocket
... as seen in the figure GTOs are utilized for transferring satellites from a circular LEO to GEO.
For this reason, GTOs are highly eccentric orbits
We want to analyze the effects of atmospheric drag on spent rocket stages left uncontrolled at GTO, after their payload has been boosted to GEO.
In this preliminary analysis, we perform simulations specifically for objects in GTO.
In future work, we will extend this to other orbital regimes.
For ease of discussion we will refer to the 

Slide 14:
These are the results considering atmospheric drag only.
We have the time history of the semi-major axis and eccentricity over a decade.
Both of which are decreasing which means the orbit is shrinking as a decreases, AND getting more circular as e decreases.
The results for Formulation 1 is the thick gray line
...Fomulation 2 is the dotten black line
... and we also show the results for Formulation 2 when v_atm is set to 0 as the dashed black line
which we can see overlapping with Formulation 1.
Lines corresponding to zero atmospheric velocity, have a higher slope.
This implies that neglecting atmospheric rotation causes the orbit to decay faster for this set of initial conditions.
The time difference for when both orbits decay to 19,000km is 1 year.
We can extrapolate that lifetime prediction discrepancies would be even larger after 10 years.
To understand this we can think of drag as delta-v in the direction anti-parallel to the relative velocity vector between the spacecraft and the atmosphere.
If we consider a still atmosphere, all the drag force would be in the anti-velocity direction.
If we consider a rotating atmosphere, the drag force would have components outside of the orbit plane...

Slide 15:
...which is what we see here with inclination and right ascension of the ascending node.
The secular variations are small and slow as we can see on the y-axis, but they would not be negligibile over long time periods.
We also see that Formulation 1 and Formulation 2 with atmospheric velocity set to zero are still equivalent.

Slide 16:
Using the same initial conditions as before, we now consider drag with J2, and luni-solar perturbations,
and compare the averaged formulations with the non-averaged dynamics, which we consider to be our reference orbit. 
From left to right we're showing the time histories of the semi-major axis, eccentricity, and inclination.
The non-averaged dynamics are shown as the solid black line, and the rest are represented the same way.
Formulation 1 and Formulation 2 with zero atmospheric velocity are still in agreement even with the perturbations.
The linear trends we saw before are now superposed with oscillations from the added perturbations, specifically luni-solar.
The singly averaged dynamics removes oscillations within one complete orbital period.
These oscillations have periods corresponding to the orbits between the Earth, Sun and Moon.
The main takeaway here is that... 
click
Formulation 2 is closest to the non-averaged dynamics.
Formulation 1 is equivalent to Formulation 2 when atmospheric velocity is set to 0, and there are no numerical issues.
With that in mind, we proceed with just Formulation 2.

Slide 17:
In our simulations we use a constant value for the area-to-mass ratio, while in reality, space objects could be tumbling, in which case the area-to-mas ratio and ballistic coefficient will be time-varying.
So, it is useful to look at a range of AMRs.
Using the same initial conditons we look at Formulation 2 with varying AMR
We see the same trend as before for an orbit that is shrinking and getting more circular.
From solid to dashed, to dotted, we have decreasing values of AMR.
As we expect, higher AMRs incur higher drag force, and these orbits decay faster.
On the bottom we see the perigee altitude fluctuating around the initial value of 250 km,
while the apogee altitude is steadily decreasing.
This makes intuitive sense since the drag force, acts as a sort of delta v in the anti-velocity direction when the spacecraft is at perigee, which brings the apogee closer to the original focus.
These plots show that a slight change in AMR can change the lifetime prediction dramatically.
This is why our next step...

Slide 18:
...if our paper abstract gets accepted to Ascend, is to compare our simulations to real data. 
Which we've found to be a non-trivial task.
In conclusion,
(C)... definitely...
(1)... but...
(2)... is .. but is...
... as we saw before with the exponential and Bessel's function terms approaching zero and infinitiy respectively.
(F) 
(I) Both formulations have shortcomings, and we propose an ideal model where formulation 2 is combined with our ...
